Meeting date/time: 11th April 2022, 07:30 PM
Location: Discord/lab

Present: 
  Hugh, Peter, Teddy

Meeting Purpose: 
  Finalise for tomorrow

Activities:
  1. Peter shows us the music module
  2. Go through criteria together to ensure we have everything
  3. Setup private github to push all our work onto
  4. Go through discussion questions and our answers


Future Plans:
  - Teddy: Proof read over README
  - Hugh:  Finish README and minutes documentation	  
  - Peter: Peter finish LED and seven seg module and put in buffer overflow
		- Give push code to github when complete