Meeting date/time: 9th April 2022, 03:30 PM
Location: Discord/lab

Present: 
  Hugh, Peter, Teddy

Meeting Purpose: 
  Check what we are up to and how all the coding (hopefully finialised soon)

Activities:
  1. Go	through Peter's Code and he explains how it works
  2. Work out what else we need to complete before Tuesday's Demonstration
  3. Deligate the remaning work


Future Plans:
  - Teddy: Write function to output a predetermined buffer to the serial port following an interrupt
		- use a flag and if statements in the interrupts for demonstration
  - Hugh: - Attempt to write an error message when the buffer overflows (over 64)
	  - Clean up and write README and minutes documentation
  - Peter: Work out how to process input messages into the system (music and LED module)
