Meeting date/time: 5th April 2022, 02:00 PM
Location: Discord/lab

Present: 
  Hugh, Peter, Teddy

Meeting Purpose: 
  Check progress with coding

Activities:
  1. Talk about what we have done and the problems we have run into (serial port interrupts issue)
  2. Work out what still needs to be done in a weeks time

Future Plans:
  Continue doing each individual excersises and send to peter to integrate with rest of code
  Review Peters code and understand the serial port interrupts